2A — Wednesday, November 5, 2014

Students vote, watch Midterm Election 2014

The Michigan Daily — michigandaily.com

Che Michigan Daily

420 Maynard St.
Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1327
www.michigandaily.com
PETER SHAHIN DOUGLAS SOLOMON
Editor in Chief Business Manager
734-418-4115 ext. 1251 734-418-4115 ext. 1241
pjshahin@michigandaily.com  dougsolo@michigandaily.com

Io pL EOS,

a —

SE EAE A ER Re er me EG AL ~at

Newsroom News Tips
734-418-4115 opt.3 news@michigandaily.com
Corrections Letters to the Editor
corrections@michigandaily.com tothedaily@michigandaily.com
Arts Section Editorial Page
arts@michigandaily.com opinion@michigandaily.com
Sports Section Photography Section
Pants (2) s - L m sports@michigandaily.com photo@michigandaily.com
GO BLUE GO BLUE yore GO BLUE \ :
Bee PLUE oe iti: MOREA cscs au Display Sales Classified Sales
dailydisplay@gmail.com classified@michigandaily.com
Online Sales Finance

onlineads@michigandaily.com finance@michigandaily.com

EDITORIAL STAFF
Katie Burke Managing Editor

Jennifer Calfas Managing News Editor jcalfas@michigandaily.com
SENIOR NEWS EDITORS: Ian Dillingham, Sam Gringlas, Will Greenberg, Rachel Premack
and Stephanie Shenouda

ASSISTANT NEWS EDITORS: Allana Akhtar, Neala Berkowski, Claire Bryan, Shoham
Geva, Amabel Karoub, Emma Kerr, Thomas McBrien, Emilie Plesset, Michael Sugerman
and Jack Turman

Megan McDonald and

Daniel Wang Editorial Page Editors —_ opinioneditors@michigandaily.com
SENIOR EDITORIAL PAGE EDITORS: Aarica Marsh and Victoria Noble
ASSISTANT EDITORIAL PAGE EDITORS: Matthew Seligman and David Harris

Greg Garno and

Alejandro Zuiiga Managing Sports Editors sportseditors@michigandaily.com
SENIOR SPORTS EDITORS: Max Cohen, Alexa Dettelbach, Lev Facher, Rajat Khare, Jake
Lourim and Jeremy Summitt

ASSISTANT SPORTS EDITORS: Max Bultman, Minh Doan, Daniel Feldman, Simon
Kaufman, Erin Lennon, Jake Lourim and Jason Rubinstein

John Lynch and jplynch@michigandaily.com
Akshay Seth Managing Arts Editors akse@michigandaily.com
SENIOR ARTS EDITORS: Giancarlo Buonomo, Natalie Gadbois, Erika Harwood and
Alec Stern

ASSISTANT ARTS EDITORS: Jamie Bircoll, Jackson Howard, Gillian Jakab and Maddie
Thomas

Teresa Mathew and

Paul Sherman Managing Photo Editors photo@michigandaily.com
SENIOR PHOTO EDITORS: Allison Farrand and Ruby Wallau

ASSISTANT PHOTO EDITORS: Luna Anna Archey, Virginia Lozano,

James Coller, McKenzie Berezin, and Nicholas Williams

kgburke@michigandaily.com

Carolyn Gearig and

Gabriela Vasquez Managing Design Editors — design@michigandaily.com
SENIOR DESIGN EDITORS: Amy Mackens and Alicia Kovalcheck

Carlina Duan Magazine Editor statement@michigandaily.com
DEPUTY MAGAZINE EDITORS: Max Radwin and Amrutha Sivakumar

STATEMENT PHOTO EDITOR: Ruby Wallau

STATEMENT LEAD DESIGNER: Amy Mackens

Mark Ossolinski and Meaghan

Thompson Managing Copy Editors copydesk@michigandaily.com
SENIOR COPY EDITORS: Mariam Sheikh and Alisha Qiu

Austen Hufford Online Editor ahufford@michigandaily.com

VIDEO EDITORS: Paula Friedrich and James Reslier-Wells
SOCIAL MEDIA EDITOR: Brianne Johnson

BUSINESS STAFF

Madeline Lacey University Accounts Manager
Ailie Steir Classified Manager

Simonne Kapadia Local Accounts Manager
Lotus An National Accounts Manager

Olivia Jones Production Managers

Nolan Loh Special Projects Coordinator

Jason Anterasian Finance Manager

The Michigan Daily (ISSN 0745-967) is published Monday through Friday during the fall and winter terms by
students at the University of Michigan. One copy is available free of charge to all readers. Additional copies may
be picked up at the Daily's office for $2. Subscriptions for fall term, starting in September, via U.S. mail are $110.
Winter term (January through April) is $115, yearlong (September through April) is $195. University affiliates
are subject to a reduced subscription rate. On-campus subscriptions for fall term are $35. Subscriptions must
be prepaid. The Michigan Daily is a member of The Associated Press and The Associated Collegiate Press.

TOP: Students created a banner to encourage passersby to vote in Mason Hall (PAUL SHERMAN/Daily). MIDDLE LEFT: Democratic gubernatorial candidate Mark Schauer reacts after
conceding at the MGM Grand Detroit (AMANDA ALLEN/ Daily). MIDDLE RIGHT: LSA senior Gabriel Leaf, chair of the University chapter of College Republicans, reacts to Tuesday's
elections (ZACH MOORE/Daily). BOTTOM LEFT: U.S. Senator-elect Gary Peters (D) speaks at the Michigan Democratic Party's watch party at the MGM Grand Detroit (AMANDA
ALLEN/Daily). BOTTOM RIGHT: The University’s chapter of the College Democrats waits for results from Tuesday's elections (PAUL SHERMAN/ Daily).

Dingell keeps legacy in
.». House of Reps.

Third consecutive
Dingell to serve in
Congress

By GENEVIVE HUMMER
and SHOHAM GEVA
Daily Staff Reporters

The Dingell dynasty will con-
tinue. In the 12th U.S. House
District, the Detroit Free Press
has called the race for Debbie
Dingell, wife of current U.S.
House Rep. John Dingell (D).

She is the third Dingell to hold
a Michigan Congressional seat,
following current Rep. John
Dingell and his father, John
Dingell, Sr.

In avictory speech at the state
Democrat watch party Tuesday
night in Detroit, Dingell thanked
her staff, family and campaign,
and said there were two people
she wanted to thank specifically
by name: her husband, outgoing

Rep. Dingell, and outgoing U.S
Senator Carl Levin.

“These Democrats, two giants
of men...have served this state
a very very long time,” she said.
“And what we have to remember
is that they’ve been the voice of
Michigan’s values, of respecting
working men and women and
standing firm for what’s right.”

Dingell faced off against
Republican candidate Terry
Bowman, a Ford employee and
key player in the 2012 right-
to-work battle in the state. She
made higher education, namely
reducing student debt, a key
focus, hosting higher educa-
tion roundtables at universities
across the state to discuss issues
facing students and universities.

Dingell, who serves as a trust-
ee at Wayne State University
recently voted against a tuition
increase at that institution.

“T’ve been on the Wayne State
board for eight years,” Dingell
said in a June interview with

The Michigan Daily. “Every sin-
gle year, it seems like it’s becom-
ing more challenging and more
difficult and harder to afford
a higher education. And every
single day, I am meeting young
people who are graduating with

staggering debt.”
A founder of the National
Women’s’ Health Resource

Center, Dingell also champi-
oned affordable health care and
investing in health research that
includes women, and advocated
for policies that extend rights to
same-sex couples.

“If two people love each other,
why should we keep them from
being with each other?” Ding-
ell said in an October interview
with The Michigan Daily.

In her victory speech Tues-
day night, Dingell touched on all
those areas, also emphasizing
job creation in the state.

“We're going to keep fighting
ahead for the values we all care
about- to protect manufactur-
ing, that if you are sick you don’t
worry about whether you need
to go to a doctor,” she said. “And
that our children, 25 percent of
our population and 100 percent
of our future, they deserve qual-
ity, affordable education. That’s
what I’m fighting for. That’s
what I stand here for tonight.”

In a October interview with
the Daily, she said the 2008
financial crash heavily impacted
the job market, which, unlike
the auto industry, has not recov-
ered. Dingell has highlighted the
importance of job creation espe-
cially for young college gradu-
ates and those forced into early
retirement.

In an October interview with
The Michigan Daily, Bowman
emphasized his distance from
Washington as one benefit of
him taking the congressional
seat.

“It’s no fault of the individual,
but I think that if you’re in Con-
gress for a long time you com-
pletely lose the ability to connect
with what goes on each and
every day,” he said.

Incumbents keep seats
in midterm elections

Republicans
maintain hold in
executive office

By GOVERNMENT BEAT

Michigan Republicans held
their posts statewide, winning
the Attorney General and Sec-
retary of State races and push-
ing Governor Rick Snyder to
reelection. Meanwhile, Ann
Arbor district-level Democrat-
ic politicians maintained their
hold on the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, Michigan House
of Representatives and Michi-
gan State Senate.

Attorney General

Michigan Attorney General
Bill Schuette (R) will retain his
seat, besting Democrat Mark
Totten. As of 2 a.m. Wednesday
morning, unofficial election
results showed that Schuette
led Totten 52.1 percent to 44.2
percent.

“I will continue to serve as
a voice for the constitution,
because there are cops and
firefighters who worked hard
in a tough city whose pensions
were at risk,” Schuette said ina
speech at the Renaissance Cen-
ter Tuesday night.

“Iam an optimist at the core,
and this election is all about
tomorrows,” Schuette said. “I
am confident Michigan’s best
tomorrows are just ahead. “

Schuette, who outspent Tot-
ten by a near six-to-one margin
during the campaign, has said
he would like to be a “voice for
victims” of all crimes in his
second term.

Formerly a federal pros-
ecutor, Totten emphasized his
desire to protect Michigan citi-
zens from economic crime. He
also aimed to better support
women’s and students’ rights,
two areas in which he said
Schuette failed.

In his first term, Schuette

has attempted to protect the
state’s ban on same-sex mar-
riage and its ban on affirmative
action.

Secretary of State

Secretary of State Ruth
Johnson (R) kept her seat
against Democratic challeng-
er Godfrey Dillard. Unoffi-
cial election results indicated
Johnson led Dillard 53.5 per-
cent to 42.9 percent at 2 a.m.

Johnson’s reelection cam-
paign emphasized her work in
customer service and expand-
ing the department’s online ser-
vices. She previously worked as
the clerk and register for deeds
in Oakland County.

Dillard, a Detroit attorney,
announced his campaign in
August. Following his defeat,
he said his campaign stint was
still impactful.

“I’m not discouraged,” Dil-
lard said. “I think as I go for-
ward Ill keep looking for ways
I can serve the citizens of
Michigan.”

Michigan State Senate

State Sen. Rebekah Warren
(D-Ann Arbor) won her second
term over Republican challeng-
er Terry Linden.

Warren has served Ann
Arbor as a state senator since
2011. Previously, Warren
served in the Michigan House
of Representatives from 2007
to 2010.

In her tenure, Warren has
focused on women’s rights and
environmental protection. In
September, she co-introduced
legislation to require all health
insurance companies to pro-
vide the option to purchase
abortion service coverage. She
has also sponsored legislation
to help sexual assault survi-
vors, gender pay equity and
works to extend workplace
family medical leave.

Warren is invested in
improving the environment. In

May, she demanded with other
politicians to cease oil and gas
drilling in nearby Scio Town-
ship.

Warren has also fought to
improve state support for both
K-12 and higher education.

Linden, her challenger, was
not available to media during
the campaign.

Michigan House
of Representatives

State representative Jeff
Irwin (D-Ann Arbor) has won
reelection for a third term,
defeating Republican challeng-
er John Spisak.

Irwin has pushed for greater
state involvement in all levels
of education and has argued
that improving the state’s edu-
cational institutions can be a
means of economic growth. In
April 2013, Irwin proposed a
bill to extend in-state tuition
equality to undocumented
students, a move hailed by on-
campus student groups.

“I think it’s good state pol-
icy to try to keep those people
here in Michigan, giving them
opportunity to contribute to
our economy and communi-
ties,” Irwin said in a 2013 inter-
view with the Daily.

He has also been an advo-
cate for improved environ-
mental protections, and
supports increased investment
in infrastructure to aid eco-
nomic recovery.

Spisak, an Ann Arbor resi-
dent, is a stay-at-home father
who previously owned small
businesses. He _ prioritized
investing in roads, bridges and
other infrastructure. He also
campaigned to better educa-
tion.

Daily News Editor Rachel
Premack and Daily Staff Report-
ers Ben Atlas, Shoham Geva and
Genevieve Hummer contributed
to this report.
